change tracking behaviour for `QueryInfo` (#12647)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/shy-experts-cough.md

---
"@apollo/client": major
---

`ObservableQueries` will now only be registered with the `ApolloClient` while they
have subscribers.

That means that `ApolloClient.getObservableQueries` and `ApolloClient.refetchQueries`
will only be able to return/refetch queries that have at least one subscriber.

> This changes the previous meaning of `active`/`inactive` queries:
> * `inactive` queries are all queries with a subscriber that are skipped from a
>   hook or have a `fetchPolicy` of `standby`
> * `active` queries are all queries with a subscriber that are not skipped/in `standby`.
> 
> `ObservableQueries` without subscribers but with an active ongoing network request
> (e.g. caused by calling `reobserve`) will be handled as if they had a subscriber
> for the duration of the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This changes the previous meaning of `active` and `inactive` queries:
* `inactive` queries are queries with a subscriber that are skipped from a
  React hook or have a `fetchPolicy` of `standby`
* `active` queries are queries with at least one subscriber that are not skipped or in `standby`.

`ObservableQuery`s without subscribers but with an active ongoing network request
(e.g. caused by calling `reobserve`) will be handled as if they had a subscriber
for the duration of the query.
```
